chore: update sessionHandler comments (#66)
sendbird/sendbird-ai-agent: js/README.md

                    reject(error);
                }
            },

>             // The session refresh has been denied from the app.
>             // This event can occur if the client app doesn't explicitly refresh the token, the token is revoked, or the user is deactivated.
>             // In this case, the client app should handle the UX appropriately — such as redirecting the user to a login page or hiding/destroying the messenger.
>             onSessionClosed: () => { },
>             // OPTIONAL. No action is required.
>             // This is called when an error occurs during the session refresh.
>             onSessionError: (error) => { },
>             // OPTIONAL. No action is required.
>             // This is called when the session is refreshed.
>             onSessionRefreshed: () => { },

Reviewer: Here too. 
```suggestion
            // Called when the session refresh is denied.
            // This may happen if the app doesn't refresh the token, the token is revoked, or the user is deactivated.
            // In such cases, the app should clean up the session — e.g. redirect to login or hide/destroy the messenger.
            onSessionClosed: () => { },
            // Optional: Triggered if an error occurs during token refresh.
            onSessionError: (error) => { },
            // Optional: Called when the session is successfully refreshed.
            onSessionRefreshed: () => { },
```
